this is a video and how to check your
fuses if they're good if anything goes
off in your car electrically the first
thing to check with your fuses and it's
how you do it
find your fuse box check your manual if
in which your fuse box fuse box is so
you just pop it off and behind the fuse
box of your out of the lid you can see
it tells you what everything is that's
over here in fuse panel relays and fuses
and whatnot all right what you do is if
you're a test light connect it to the
ground of the battery and just go over
here and you're going to see two little
you can see two little pieces of metal
sticking out one on either end of the
fuse you just touch that that's one end
and touch the other end you share power
going through to both now if you have
power only one side has power then the
fuse is bad all right
you could also connect your ground to
part of the frame or the brake lines
also good grounds if you don't have a
test light you could also take a look
pull out the fuse with this little clip
that they give you here just pop it out
and take a tweezer you put it in you
know on top of it and you push it out
pull it out run in the middle here
you're going to see thin piece of metal
if that metal is not in contact it's
burnt off connecting the two tabs on
either end that means your fuses bad and
when you do replace it there's an
amperage rating on it this is a 20 make
sure you replace with the same amperage
all right thanks for watching